Add Mappers' Report: January news post (#4882)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-02-01-mappers-report-january.md

For osu!mania:

- **[Remove Guidelines regarding SVs](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1227918)**

## <a id="within-bn-nat"></a>Within the Beatmap Nominators and NAT

### BN Additions

- **osu!:** [rosario wknd](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6341518) & [Xahlt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13466351)
- **osu!catch:** [Dako](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11081858) & [Myxo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2202645)
- **osu!mania:** [guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065) & [deta5859](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15275662)

### BN Resignations

- **osu!:** [Okoratu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1623405)
- **osu!taiko:** [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)
- **osu!catch:** [JierYagtama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7483452) & [-Joni-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9988837)
- **osu!mania:** [Rivals_7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4610379) & [Voxa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9229539)

Do you want to see your own name on this list? Do you like modding and helping other people with their beatmaps? If your answer to both of these questions is "yes", then you can also become a Beatmap Nominator! The applications are always open.

> Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

Reviewer: I don't think labelling it as "Mappers' Guild" is a good idea, despite the domain. I'd prefer going with something like "Beatmap Nominators" or "BN/NAT" if we are to go with a tooltip here.

> Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

Author: Is that necessary? I don't think we did that at all in the past. 
But when, then Mappers' Guild would be wrong as the Mappers Guild has actually nothing to do with the BN website.

> Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

Reviewer 2: > I don't think labelling it as "Mappers' Guild" is a good idea, despite the domain. I'd prefer going with something like "Beatmap Nominators" or "BN/NAT" if we are to go with a tooltip here.

Had no idea this was a thing; afaik "Beatmap Nominators" would be the preferred alt text over acronyms

> Is that necessary? I don't think we did that at all in the past.
> But when, then Mappers' Guild would be wrong as the Mappers Guild has actually nothing to do with the BN website.

It's an ASC thing, and if it hasn't been done in the past it should prob be done now. 

Afaik the only difference (for alt text) in ASC criteria between news posts and wiki is that alt text can't be used in news post banners

> Head over to the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com) and apply today!

Author: hmhm 'kay, i'll go with "Beatmap Nominators" then

## <a id="mappers-showcase"></a>Mappers’ Showcase

> As we had all modes covered with the last issues of the Mappers’ Report it’s time again for the Storyboarder showcase! The unofficial 5th game mode of osu! gets way to less attention. We have many amazing storyboarders out there who are able to improve your playing experience by a lot. So let us jump right in!

Reviewer 3: Let's not confuse ourselves with [Storyboarder](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6124671), another prominent storyboarder
```suggestion
Because we had all modes covered with the last issues of the Mappers’ Report it’s time again for the storyboarder showcase! The unofficial 5th game mode of osu! gets way too little attention. We have many amazing storyboarders out there who are able to improve your playing experience by a lot. So let's jump right in!
```

### VenerableNyanta
 
With increasingly refined storyboards this year, [VenerableNyanta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12243368) has shown their determination for improvement project after project! It's easy to tell they have an eye for design when the visuals fill the screen with nothing but pure eye candy!
 
As a brilliant first ranked storyboard, [ClariS - Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1191205#osu/2633220) contains a few sections with varying ideas fitting the bright music! Here you can find a blend of going for visuals on every single note, lots of stars and sparkles and immersive backgrounds, all pulled together with tasteful transitions.

What about slower, more... moody songs? VenerableNyanta has the right idea when going for [Josh A & Jake Hill - Worst Mistakes (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1312306#osu/2719818), showing the contrast between a more neon-coloured intense section and the black and white quieter parts. The design work demonstrates an ever-improving understanding of what makes a picture look neat by establishing a memorably unique identity.

> The crazy visuals sure seem fitting in [HiTECH NINJA - Modelista](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1148442#osu/2397737), capturing the energy of the song with more neon colours, rapid movement, exceptional design, and a good bit of humour as well! If you decide to check out this graveyarded gem, as you absolutely should, you'll surely notice how VenerableNyanta must've had a good chuckle when creating it! As tedious and daunting of a process storyboarding might seem, there are people who do know how to have fun while doing so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The crazy visuals sure seem fitting in [HiTECH NINJA - Modelista](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1148442#osu/2397737) as well by capturing the energy of the song with even more neon colours, rapid movement, exceptional design, and a good bit of humour as well! If you decide to check out this graveyarded gem—as you absolutely should—you'll surely notice how VenerableNyanta must've had a good chuckle when creating it! As tedious and daunting of a process as storyboarding might seem, there's still people who do know how to have fun while doing so.
```

### TheDuckMask

> Confident storyboarder for a couple of years now, [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) has shown expertise in nowadays more niche sides of storyboard design.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Confident storyboarder for a couple of years now, [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) has shown their expertise in what is nowadays considered more niche sides of storyboard design.
```

Reviewer 3: Technically not needed, and I personally prefer the conciseness

> It's not often storyboarders take the term "storyboard" very literally, which is why TheDuckMask's take on [Mrs. GREEN APPLE - Boku no Koto](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1172658#osu/2445840) may therefore come as a surprise to a lot of people. Telling stories is a rare skill, after all. Some of the most well-regarded storyboards use it in combination with spectacular visuals, but this one shows how it's possible to focus on one thing and do it really well!

Reviewer 2: "may therefore" sounds a little out of place surrounded by the casual, upbeat tone here. consider changing to "might"
```suggestion
It's not often storyboarders take the term "storyboard" very literally, which is why TheDuckMask's take on [Mrs. GREEN APPLE - Boku no Koto](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1172658#osu/2445840) might come as a surprise to a lot of people. Telling stories is a rare skill, after all. Some of the most well-regarded storyboards use it in combination with spectacular visuals, but this one shows how it's possible to focus on one thing and do it really well!
```

Reviewer 3: it's redundant because of the "which is why", so just deleting "therefore" would also work fine

> Reflecting the mood of the song can be done with many techniques, as well as in many *styles*. The background visuals for [Mitose Noriko - XaaaCi.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/999260#osu/2089944) demonstrate a rarer style involving a lot of sketching on paper. Whether you're an aspiring storyboarder or think you've got a solid tool belt already, do try this style out! It takes a certain level of artistic thinking to create something this well. Oh, and, while checking this storyboard out, be sure to turn on the accompanying beatmap skin!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reflecting the mood of a song can be done with many techniques, as well as in many *styles*. The background visuals for [Mitose Noriko - XaaaCi.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/999260#osu/2089944) demonstrate a rarer style involving a lot of sketching on paper. Whether you're an aspiring storyboarder or think you've got a solid tool belt already, do try this style out! It takes a certain level of artistic thinking to create something this well. Oh, and, while checking this storyboard out, be sure to turn on the accompanying beatmap skin!
```

> Would you like to learn more about storyboarding? Or do you seek advice and feedback for your storyboards? Then we highly recommend to stop by at the [osu! storyboarder banquet discord server](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Would you like to learn more about storyboarding? Do you seek advice and feedback for your storyboards? Then we highly recommend you stop by the [osu! storyboarder banquet Discord server](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW "Discord")!
```

> Would you like to learn more about storyboarding? Or do you seek advice and feedback for your storyboards? Then we highly recommend to stop by at the [osu! storyboarder banquet discord server](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW)!

Reviewer 3: Added a bit of personality, felt a bit dry
```suggestion
And that's it for this time! Be sure to check out their future works—we certainly are looking forward to them!

Think you've got what it takes to become the next great storyboarder? No? Well, either way, if you want to learn more about storyboarding, seek advice and feedback for your own creations, or just want to keep up with the latest in the making, then we highly recommend to stop by at the [osu! storyboarder banquet discord server](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW)! You may be surprised at what people are brewing up...
```

## <a id="mapping-contests"></a>Mapping Contests

> A new year means new exciting Mapping Contests! This time with the 3rd season of the famous osu!mania challenge MaMaChaCha!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new year means new exciting Mapping Contests! This time with the 3rd season of the famous osu!mania challenge, MaMaChaCha!
```

Should you plan any contest in the future and would like to have it advertised in the Mappers’ Report, please contact [Feerum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4815717) with all the details about it!

### Mania Mapping Chance Challenge

Do you feel like your mapping is stale? Want to map outside of your comfort zone? Then the **Mania Mapping Chance Challenge** (MaMaChaCha) might be just for you!

This is a mania-specific mapping event where each mapper is given a restriction, be it artist, album, or theme, and are then given 3 weeks to do the best they can. After the 3 weeks, we bundle up all the maps for everyone to download and allow users to upload their own maps to show off to the world! Season 3 is currently underway and should last a few months throughout the year.

If you're interested, check out [this thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/723358) then DM [Parachor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5241655) with an example of uniqueness in your mapping. The event is entirely run on Discord, so a Discord account is required as well.

## <a id="around-community"></a>Around the Community

> You want to know what’s going on in the mapping and modding community? Search no more, we’ll show you around! Everything related to the community, aside from the contests, are located right here!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do you want to know what’s going on in the mapping and modding community? Search no more, we’ll show you around! Everything related to the community, aside from the contests, are located right here!
```
Alternatively, to match the "search"...
```suggestion
Are you searching endlessly, wanting to know what’s going on in the mapping and modding community? Well search no more, friend, we’ll show you around! Everything related to the community, aside from the contests, are located right here in the Mappers' Report!
```

### Community Choice 2020

> Once again, it’s time for the biggest voting of the year. The **[Community Choice 2020](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-21-community-choice-2020-voting-open)**! Now it’s up to players to decide! For each game mode you play, you have to vote for the best beatmap of the year 2020.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once again, it’s time for the biggest voting of the year. The **[Community Choice 2020](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-21-community-choice-2020-voting-open)**! Now it’s up to players to decide! For each game mode you play, you'll be able to vote for what you think the best beatmap of the year 2020 was.
```

> As long as they are ranked within the last year, all of the beatmaps you played are listed mode by mode, and it’s in your hands to determine the best! Do you want to support your favourite mapper? Did you enjoy a beatmap a lot? Did the storyboard of a beatmap blow your mind? If so, do not lose any more time! Head over to the listing either for [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/116), [osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/117), [osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/118) or [osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/119) and vote for your favorite! But make sure to be quick, the voting lasts for only a few more months!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As long as they were ranked within the last year, all of the beatmaps you played are listed mode by mode, and it’s in your hands to determine the best! Do you want to support your favourite mapper? Did you enjoy a beatmap a lot? Did the storyboard of a beatmap blow your mind? If so, do not lose any more time! Head over to the listing either for [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/116), [osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/117), [osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/118) or [osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/119) and vote for your favorite! But make sure to be quick, the voting lasts for only a few more months!
```

We’re excited to see who will be the community's favourite this time!

### Explicit content marker for beatmaps

> A long-awaited feature got finally added to osu! Now you can mark your beatmaps if they contain any explicit content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A long-awaited feature finally got added to osu! Now you can mark your beatmaps if they contain any explicit content.
```

> osu! is an all-ages game but not every music is suitable for everyone. For better protection of our younger players, a warning will now be shown whenever you try to open a beatmap that contains explicit content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
osu! is an all-ages game, but not every music is suitable for everyone. For better protection of our younger players, a warning will now be shown whenever you try to open a beatmap that contains explicit content.
```

> However, there is one important thing to mention. Having this feature does not mean that you are allowed to upload literally everything. Be sure that everything you upload to osu! abides by our [community rules](/wiki/Rules).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, there is one important thing to mention. Having this feature does not mean that you are allowed to upload literally anything. Be sure that everything you upload to osu! abides by our [community rules](/wiki/Rules).
```

> If you are unsure about whether or not the content you want to include in your beatmap line up with the rules, feel free to submit a content case on the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com/discussionvote).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are unsure about whether or not the content you want to include in your beatmap lines up with the rules, feel free to submit a content case on the [Beatmap Nominator website](https://bn.mappersguild.com/discussionvote "Mappers' Guild").
```

Author: Made it "Beatmap Nominators" here too

Are you writing guides? Do you make mapping or modding related videos or podcasts? Or anything else you wish to share with the mapping and modding community? Let us know! We would love to make them available for a wider audience! Should you have anything, do not hesitate to hit up [Feerum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4815717) with any details about it! 

<a id="conclusion"></a>

---

> And with that, we conclude the first issue of the Mappers’ Report in the year 2021. This time a little bit shorter than the last one, but at least we made it in time! 
> As always, should you have anything interesting mapping or modding related you would like to see being mentioned in the next issue, please do not hesitate to contact [Feerum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4815717) or drop by in the `#mappers-report` channel on the [osu! Community Discord](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And with that, we conclude the first issue of the Mappers’ Report in the year 2021. This time a little bit shorter than the last one, but at least we made it in time!

As always, should you have anything interesting mapping or modding related you would like to see being mentioned in the next issue, please do not hesitate to contact [Feerum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4815717) or drop by in the `#mappers-report` channel on the [osu! Community Discord server](https://discord.gg/0Vxo9AsejDkGlk3H "Discord")!
```
remark angerrryyy if no empty line

### TheDuckMask

Confident storyboarder for a couple of years now, [TheDuckMask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7405768) has shown expertise in nowadays more niche sides of storyboard design.

It's not often storyboarders take the term "storyboard" very literally, which is why TheDuckMask's take on [Mrs. GREEN APPLE - Boku no Koto](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1172658#osu/2445840) might come as a surprise to a lot of people. Telling stories is a rare skill, after all. Some of the most well-regarded storyboards use it in combination with spectacular visuals, but this one shows how it's possible to focus on one thing and do it really well!

Reflecting the mood of a song can be done with many techniques, as well as in many *styles*. The background visuals for [Mitose Noriko - XaaaCi.](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/999260#osu/2089944) demonstrate a rarer style involving a lot of sketching on paper. Whether you're an aspiring storyboarder or think you've got a solid tool belt already, do try this style out! It takes a certain level of artistic thinking to create something this well. Oh, and, while checking this storyboard out, be sure to turn on the accompanying beatmap skin!

> Of course, storyboarding isn't so limiting as to only allow rough lines sketches. However, mixing and matching artwork requires more work to make them blend well. Even so, TheDuckMask's artistic vision on [Eisyo-kobu - Oriental Blossom -Eika Shuuei-](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/910194#fruits/1899381) ended up in a seamless picturesque experience! This one gets livelier further in, just like the process of a painting!

Reviewer 3: almost missed this
```suggestion
Of course, storyboarding isn't so limiting as to only allow rough lines sketches. However, mixing and matching artwork requires more work to make them blend well. Even so, TheDuckMask's artistic vision on [Eisyo-kobu - Oriental Blossom -Eika Shuuei-](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/910194#fruits/1899381) ended up in a seamless picturesque experience! This one gets livelier further in, just like the process of painting!
```
